# ANZA Legal Terms
## Terms & Conditions
By downloading or using any of our apps, these terms will automatically apply to you – you should make sure therefore that you read them carefully before using the app. You’re not allowed to copy, or modify the app, any part of the app, or our trademarks in any way. You’re not allowed to attempt to extract the source code of the app, and you also shouldn’t try to translate the app into other languages, or make derivative versions. The app itself, and all the trade marks, copyright, database rights and other intellectual property rights related to it, still belong to ANZA. ANZA is committed to ensuring that the app is as useful and efficient as possible. For that reason, we reserve the right to make changes to the app or to charge for its services, at any time and for any reason. We will never charge you for the app or its services without making it very clear to you exactly what you’re paying for. The app stores and processes personal data that you have provided to us, in order to provide our Service. It’s your responsibility to keep your phone and access to the app secure. We therefore recommend that you do not jailbreak or root your phone, which is the process of removing software restrictions and limitations imposed by the official operating system of your device. It could make your phone vulnerable to malware/viruses/malicious programs, compromise your phone’s security features and it could mean that the app won’t work properly or at all. You should be aware that there are certain things that ANZA will not take responsibility for. Certain functions of the app will require the app to have an active internet connection. The connection can be Wi-Fi, or provided by your mobile network provider, but ANZA cannot take responsibility for the app not working at full functionality if you don’t have access to Wi-Fi, and you don’t have any of your data allowance left. If you’re using the app outside of an area with Wi-Fi, you should remember that your terms of the agreement with your mobile network provider will still apply. As a result, you may be charged by your mobile provider for the cost of data for the duration of the connection while accessing the app, or other third party charges. In using the app, you’re accepting responsibility for any such charges, including roaming data charges if you use the app outside of your home territory (i.e. region or country) without turning off data roaming. If you are not the bill payer for the device on which you’re using the app, please be aware that we assume that you have received permission from the bill payer for using the app. Along the same lines, ANZA cannot always take responsibility for the way you use the app i.e. You need to make sure that your device stays charged – if it runs out of battery and you can’t turn it on to avail the Service, ANZA cannot accept responsibility. With respect to ANZA’s responsibility for your use of the app, when you’re using the app, it’s important to bear in mind that although we endeavour to ensure that it is updated and correct at all times, we do rely on third parties to provide information to us so that we can make it available to you. ANZA accepts no liability for any loss, direct or indirect, you experience as a result of relying wholly on this functionality of the app. At some point, we may wish to update the app. The app is currently available on Android & iOS – the requirements for both systems (and for any additional systems we decide to extend the availability of the app to) may change, and you’ll need to download the updates if you want to keep using the app. ANZA does not promise that it will always update the app so that it is relevant to you and/or works with the Android & iOS version that you have installed on your device. However, you promise to always accept updates to the application when offered to you, We may also wish to stop providing the app, and may terminate use of it at any time without giving notice of termination to you. Unless we tell you otherwise, upon any termination, (a) the rights and licenses granted to you in these terms will end; (b) you must stop using the app, and (if needed) delete it from your device.
#### Payment Terms
**IN-APP PURCHASES** - ANZA may license to you certain virtual goods to be used within the Apps and which you may purchase with real cash or which you may earn or redeem via gameplay (“Virtual Items”). When you obtain such Virtual Items from ANZA or its authorized designee, you receive a limited, personal, non-transferable, non-sublicensable and revocable license to use such Virtual Items within the applicable App and solely for non-commercial use. ANZA may manage, control, modify or eliminate Virtual Items at any time, with or without notice. Without limiting the foregoing, ANZA reserves the right at any time to impose additional terms or conditions on your use of Virtual Items. Such additional terms and conditions will be effective immediately and incorporated into this Agreement. Your continued use of the App will be deemed acceptance thereof. The transfer of Virtual Items is prohibited, except where expressly authorized in the Apps, if any. Virtual Items have no monetary value and are not currency or property. Virtual Items do not have an equivalent value in real cash and do not act as a substitute for real world money. Virtual Items cannot be sold, traded, transferred, or exchanged for cash. Virtual Items may only be redeemed for certain gameplay entitlements that may be made available within the App from time to time. Neither ANZA nor any other person or entity has any obligation to exchange Virtual Items for anything of value. ANZA has no liability for hacking or loss of your Virtual Items. Price and availability of Virtual Items are subject to change without notice. Unless otherwise required by law, all purchases and redemptions of Virtual Items made through the App or Services are final and non-refundable, and you are not entitled to a refund for any unused Virtual Items. Once you redeem a Virtual Item for a gameplay entitlement within the App or Services, such gameplay entitlement is not returnable, exchangeable, or refundable. You acknowledge and consent that the provision of Virtual Items for use in connection with the App or Services is a process that commences immediately upon purchase and you forfeit your right of withdrawal once the performance has started. Unless otherwise required by law, you agree that ANZA is not required to provide a refund for Virtual Items for any reason, and that you will not receive money or other compensation for unused Virtual Items, whether your loss of license under this Agreement was voluntary or involuntary.\
**SUBSCRIPTIONS** - Some of ANZA's Apps may offer subscription-based Services. If you purchase a subscription, then by clicking the purchase button you are requesting that we begin supplying the subscription Services immediately and you are entering into a monthly subscription contract with ANZA. You are also authorizing a charge to you on a recurring basis of a monthly subscription fee at the rate quoted at the time of purchase.  By purchasing a subscription, we will automatically charge on a recurring basis the payment method associated with your account. For subscription Services purchased in a ANZA App played on a platform such as Apple or Google, the applicable platform will charge you for the subscription fee and the platform’s payment terms will apply. Please review the appropriate platform’s payment terms for additional information. Trial subscriptions are offered free of charge for a certain period of time from activation specified in the relevant trial offer in the App. If you do not cancel the subscription within such trial period, the trial subscription will automatically convert into a paid subscription for the fees and for the subscription period set out in the App at the time of the activation of the trial period. You may cancel a subscription during its free trial period using the subscription setting of your account. Any paid subscription you activate begins immediately from the activation of such paid subscription and not after the expiration of any trial period. Any unused trial period will therefore be forfeited if a subscription is activated prior to the expiration of such trial period. Your subscription will automatically renew each subscription period unless and until you terminate your subscription or we terminate it. You must cancel your subscription before it renews, otherwise payment of the subscription fees for the next period will be taken automatically via your chosen payment method. You are responsible for the timely payment of all fees and for providing ANZA with valid credit card or payment account details for payment of all fees. In case the subscription fee cannot be taken from your account due to absence of monetary funds, invalidity of credit card or for any other reason, your subscription will be automatically cancelled. Subscription rates are based on an amount in U.S. Dollars. If you are using a local currency, the actual amount may fluctuate based on currency exchange rates without notice to you. The charges will be applied to the payment instrument or method you provide when you start your subscription (or to a different payment instrument or method, if you change your account information). Please note that prices and charges are subject to change. If we make a change to the monthly subscription rate in U.S. Dollars, we will notify you of such change in advance. Once you have purchased a subscription, you cannot cancel your subscription for the current subscription period as that is activated as soon as you purchase a subscription. However, you may cancel your subscription for the next subscription period as follows: you can manage and cancel your subscription at any time in your “Account Settings” of your device. For iOS subscriptions, please see Apple’s support page https://support.apple.com/en-gb/HT202039. For Google Play subscriptions, please see Google Play’s support page https://support.google.com/googleplay/answer/7018481. Except where required by applicable law, paid subscription fees are non-refundable. ANZA in its sole discretion and at any time may modify the subscription fee. Any subscription fee change will become effective at the end of the then-current subscription period. You will be provided reasonable prior notice of any change in subscription fee. If you do not take action to agree to the increase in subscription fee, your subscription shall expire at the end of the then-current subscription period.
#### Changes to This Terms and Conditions
We may update our Terms and Conditions from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Terms and Conditions on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page.
#### Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about our Terms and Conditions, do not hesitate to contact us at michal.kucznerowicz@gmail.com.
## Privacy Policy
This page is used to inform visitors regarding our policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use our Service. If you choose to use our Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that we collect is used for providing and improving the Service. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy. The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which is accessible on this same page unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.
#### Information Collection and Use
Some of our apps may use third party services that may collect information used to identify you. Link to privacy policy of third party service providers used by some of our apps:
- [Google Play Services](https://policies.google.com/privacy)
- [AdMob](https://support.google.com/admob/answer/6128543?hl=en)
#### Log Data
We want to inform you that whenever you use our Service, in a case of an error in the app we collect data and information (through third party products) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your device Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, device name, operating system version, the configuration of the app when utilizing our Service, the time and date of your use of the Service, and other statistics.
#### Cookies
Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers. These are sent to your browser from the websites that you visit and are stored on your device's internal memory.This Service does not use these “cookies” explicitly. However, the app may use third party code and libraries that use “cookies” to collect information and improve their services. You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies and know when a cookie is being sent to your device. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of this Service.
#### Service Providers
We may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:
- To facilitate our Service;
- To provide the Service on our behalf;
- To perform Service-related services;
- To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
We want to inform users of this Service that these third parties have access to your Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.
#### Security
We value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
#### Links to Other Sites
This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by us. Therefore, we strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.
#### Children’s Privacy
These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. In the case we discover that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, we immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us so that we will be able to do necessary actions.
#### Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page.
#### Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us at michal.kucznerowicz@gmail.com.
